Docs: Designability vs. Diversity (#220)
RosettaCommons/foundry: models/rfd3/docs/designability_vs_diversity.md

Whether you are struggling to produce designable structures or you are looking to increase the diversity of the folds you see, here are a few settings to try changing: 
- **Low temperature sampling:**
    
    One can increase `inference_sampler.step_scale` and decrease `inference_sampler.gamma_0` to decrease the sampling space that RFdiffusion3 has access to, similar to what lowering the temperature does in physics-based design methods. These settings directly change how the RFdiffusion3 inference engine works, so these options are CLI options, not options you specify in your input JSON or YAML file.
    
    Here are what these settings do:
    - `inference_sampler.step_scale`: Changing this value (default 1.5) changes the diffusion step size, or how much you go towards the most probable result. Increasing this setting will increase the designability of the output structures, as these are more probable, but will also decrease the diversity of the produced structures. 

>     - `inference_sampler.gamma_0`: Changing this value (default 0.6) will change how much randomness there is at the beginning of an inference run. Decreasing this setting will increase the designability of the output structures as the reduced randomness will lead RFdiffusion3 to higher-probability structures. Increase this quantity to increase the diversity of designed structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `inference_sampler.gamma_0`: Changing this value (default 0.6) will change how much noise is added at each step in the inference trajectory. Decreasing this setting will increase the designability of the output structures as the reduced randomness will lead RFdiffusion3 to higher-probability structures. Increase this quantity to increase the diversity of designed structures.
```

- **`is_non_loopy` setting:**

    The `is_non_loopy` setting is a constraint on the designs RFdiffusion3 produces, which makes it a setting provided in a JSON/YAML file for a design task. If `True` it biases the model away from forming structures with many regions without a defined secondary structure. This will slightly decrease the diversity of structures that RFdiffusion3 produces while increasing the designability. 

Here are a few plots showing the impacts of these settings in protein-protein interface design tasks: 
```{note}
For the purposes of the plots below:
* `Low temperature` means a `step_scale` of 3 and a `gamma_0` of 0.2. 
* Pass rates are refolding pass rates, the number of backbones that pass after four attempts at designing the sequence using MPNN-based methods.

> * 'Cluster' refers to `foldseek-based clusters <https://www.nature.com/articles/s41587-023-01773-0>`_, and a cluster pass rate is how many clusters are represented among the passing designs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 'Cluster' refers to `foldseek-based clusters <https://www.nature.com/articles/s41587-023-01773-0>`_, and the cluster pass rate is the number of clusters represented among the passing designs divided by the total number of designed backbones.
```
